README.md, before:

# inkyphat [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pbertie/inkyphat-node.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pbertie/inkyphat-node) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/pbertie/inkyphat-node/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/pbertie/inkyphat-node?branch=master)

A NodeJS Module to allow you to control the Inkyphat for Raspberry Pi. Based on the Python code available here: https://github.com/pimoroni/inky-phat

## Installation

  `npm install inkyphat`

## Usage

    let Inkyphat = require('inkyphat');
    let inkyphat - new Inkyphat();

    inkyphat.init().then(function () {

      inkyphat.setPixel(1, 5, Inkyphat.RED);

      inkyphat.drawRect(50, 100, Inkyphat.BLACK);

      return inkyphat.redraw();
    }).then(function () {
      // Screen has refreshed.
    });


## Tests

  `npm test`

## Contributing

In lieu of a formal style guide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code.

Commit message:

Add tests and update README.md

README.md, after:

# inkyphat
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/pbertie/inkyphat-node.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/pbertie/inkyphat-node) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/pbertie/inkyphat-node/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/pbertie/inkyphat-node?branch=master) [![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/pbertie/inkyphat/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/pbertie/inkyphat) [![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/pbertie/inkyphat/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/pbertie/inkyphat?type=dev)

A NodeJS Module to allow you to control the Inkyphat for Raspberry Pi. Based on the Python code available from [Pimoroni](https://github.com/pimoroni/inky-phat).

## Installation

  `npm install inkyphat`

## Usage

    let Inkyphat = require('inkyphat');
    let inkyphat - new Inkyphat();

    inkyphat.init().then(function () {

      inkyphat.setPixel(1, 5, Inkyphat.RED);

      inkyphat.drawRect(50, 100, Inkyphat.BLACK);

      return inkyphat.redraw();
    }).then(function () {
      // Screen has refreshed.
    });


## Tests

  `npm test` - Run Tests.

  `npm run coverage` - Run Tests and display coverage.

  `npm run jshint` - Run JSHint

## Contributing

In lieu of a formal style guide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code.
